Okay, so before we dive in and actually start mapping out your value machines, a good place to start is to really just define what these value machines are. So we've got a definition here, and as you can see, a value, uh, machine or a value engine, it's interchangeable, is a visual representation of how a company creates and captures marketplace value through the acquisition of new customers, fulfillment of existing customers, and the creation and or improvement of the company's product or service offerings. So what we're gonna be doing in this, um, video is really just defining these, showing you what they look like and actually introducing a third value machine that we haven't actually spoken about yet. So if we dive into this, there's only three things that any company actually does. We come up with things to sell. We sell the stuff we make, and we fulfill the stuff we sold. So before this video, we've mentioned that there's really two things that a company does, but when we get further into it, of course we, we sell stuff that we make and we fulfill the stuff we've sold, but we've got to come up with the things to sell in the first place. So again, if you are doing solar panels, you obviously have, uh, become a great, um, solar panel business. You, you obviously, that's the thing that you, um, sell. Uh, you have to then sell that stuff and then you have to deliver by actually installing the solar panels and delivering on that service. And, um, because there's these three things that every business does, that means that there's going to be free value machines that we need to create. But as part of this process and going through the bootcamp, there's actually only gonna be two that we are gonna be building. So the free tops of value machines are your growth machine. So this is marketing, lead generation and sales to attract new customers. This is the first, uh, machine that we are gonna be mapping out visually. Then we've got the fulfillment machine, so operations and service delivery to meet the customer's promises. But then the, the third type is the innovation machine. And this is the, the research and development and product development to stay competitive. So we are not gonna really map that out. That's not something you really map out. The things that we need to map out is how, um, the, the things that, how you sell and then how you deliver what you've sold. And then of course, as part of the ongoing improvement, that is really what we can break down into the innovation machine. So our goal is to map out the growth and fulfillment machines, and this ensures effective scaling and top tier service delivery. And this may start simple. So this is the important thing here. This process is going to start simple. So what you can see on my screen now is how I actually mapped out the initial WebU trades growth engine or growth machine. So you can see here it's just literally a whiteboard, a pen and paper. And this is how I mapped it out. This is how, um, I mapped out the fulfillment engine. So again, just a whiteboard, breaking down the process of someone coming on board. We send the welcome agreement. They watch the welcome videos, they fill out the onboarding questionnaire, they have the zoom kickoff meeting. This then introduces them to milestone one. They have to go through the milestone one. If they've done all of their tasks, then happy days, then the internal tasks are, um, created. If they don't do that, then we follow up with a client. So this is what it's going to look like. And again, we're gonna break this down further in the next videos, but this is what this will start. Like we don't need fancy equipment, like going back to the first video, um, where we look to, uh, McDonald's and the founder film and how they mapped it out. We don't need a tennis court or anything like that. We just need a simple way to really think out what this process looks like. And eventually we will want it to look more like this. So when you've mapped out your engines, we'll take those and turn them into a, a more visually pleasing kind of layout. Um, just zoom out here. So here is the, um, the growth engine for WebU trades, and then here's the fulfillment engine. So again, to start with, this module is just important for you to actually understand what these are, what we're gonna be mapping out. And now we understand that let's actually get into actually mapping out these machines.