Hello and a big welcome to module two in the Trade Business School Bootcamp, where we're gonna be going through your growth and fulfillment machine designs. And, uh, just to recap, as part of this operating system, one of the most important things is for us to be able to visually showcase how your company creates value on the front end for any business. We've got the things that we sell and we've got the things that we do to fulfill what we've just sold. And what that leads to is the question of how does your company create value. Now again, the whole purpose of us going through this bootcamp is to set you up and to set ourselves up with the assets that are gonna enable us to sell our businesses for a higher multiple when it comes to that stage. So these assets that we are creating through this process, they each have a very specific use case. And probably the most important one, because this is where it all starts from, are your value machines, your growth machine, how you sell, and how you create value on the front end. And then your fulfillment machine, how you deliver on what you've sold to provide a great customer experience. And again, this is very important, not just for the person who's eventually gonna buy you business, but also for the people who are already involved in the business right now. So again, when you are bringing new people in, hopefully you are going through or after this process, you'll be going through these visuals with new employees, with everyone who enters the business. So then everyone in the business understands exactly how your company creates value. And going back to what we've mentioned throughout this entire process, if I was to say to you now how does your business create value? You might talk to me about the USPS of your business, how many Google reviews and all of these things that you do from a a customer standpoint to provide value. But it's more important to have that visually showcased. And when you've got it in a visual way, you simplify the business processes, you can improve communication within departments because everyone's communicating from the same starting point, um, which obviously leads to enhanced understanding. And then through that you get better alignment with team members, uh, because they understand which specific part of the engine or of the machine that they are accountable for. Now, um, for this module, I actually wanted to, to bring up a clip from a film, uh, called the Founder. So for those of you that that don't know or do know, I used to work at McDonald's and I worked there for four and a half years. And what that was a great experience for was understanding how a large scale company operates. And what always used to blow my mind was that you could have someone who's worked in the kitchen for 20 years decide to leave and within a week they could have a 16-year-old replace that person and that 16-year-old knows exactly what to do. So they had their system nailed down. And, uh, if you've ever watched the film, the Founder, there's a section in that film where it shows, uh, their mapping out their value machines, how they create value. So I want to play that clip now, just so you can see that this is how the big companies operate also. And if they are seeing the importance of this, and we all know what McDonald's is today, hopefully this will show you how important it's for you. So let's dive into that clip And you were gonna love how we did it. Dick, you gotta tell him. Tennis court. Okay. He brings me up to this tennis court and he's drawn this line, the exact dimensions of our kitchen sink On the right, extruder on the left. Bagging and Hood, hood. Okay, garnish this, this is, uh, burger finish. Got it. And then this is burger slide. We could just move those. Okay. Multi mixer soft drinks. Okay. We bring out our whole staff and we have 'em go through the motions making pretend burgers and fries. Alright, Steve, anticipate that you gotta keep the tray level. Okay? Dick is running around with this stick marking where all the equipment should be Tuck in. Tony, are you gonna skip the pickles when we're really doing it? They do It over and over. Hashing it out, choreographing it like some crazy burger ballet Going on over there. Yes. No, no. Everybody stop, stop. Garnish one, garnish two. You've got pickles, you've got onions. It's a g*****n hamburger. Come on, clear off. Let's, let's clear off it's time for the pink chalk and then rip your orange. See, see all this open space here. Now we've rearranged the fry situation. So now's stage left the deep fryer stage right again. That's great. Come on guys. They're pretty tied up here. Yeah, watch it. The lazy Susan, it's the timing. If the lazy Susan, those are finished burgers. You can't hold it. I, I still think there's a third version. What do you wanna move? You Wanna move everything back to stage left, please? I Think we've got it all drawn. This is better. Is that all right? I think so. I guess, I guess let, let's assume our battle station. Okay. Okay. Finally, after about six hours of this, we get it just right. It's a symphony of efficiency, not a wasted motion. Good form. Jasper. I feel good about those pickles. Ketchup, use your lazy, Susan, put your back into it. Seth and pickles and pickle and mustard. Woo. We take the layout to a builder. Custom build the kitchen to our exact specs. Ada, the speed D system is born the world's first ever system to deliver food fast. It is totally revolution. Okay, so from that clip, hopefully you can see how McDonald's did this. And what's interesting is that is actually a true story. They, they did, um, really focus on mapping these things out. And a lot of us might have heard of Ronald McDonald, who was their kind of main mascot. Um, but their first mascot was this figure called Speedy. It was a figure called Speedy was their first mascot because it stressed the importance of having this value engine, uh, this value machine mapped out. So, um, that is how McDonald's did this. And that should show you the importance of really mapping this out visually for you. Because the other thing is what's very important is as we scale our businesses, what we've found is, is that scale breeds complexity because you're introducing way more moving parts. There's more people involved in the business. Of course, you've only got 24 hours a day as the owner, so you're delegating responsibilities and you haven't got time to manage and micromanage all of those areas. So we, without having the right processes, growth can become chaotic. And having this structure is essential, um, to successfully navigate the complexity that will inevitably happen as we start scaling the business. So having these value machines, um, in place, the growth and the fulfillment one always takes everyone in the organization back to that fundamental starting point. Now, throughout this module, we're gonna be showing you how to actually build these, how we've built 'em internally for we build trade. And again, these have been a real game changer, um, because again, most people when they start in their business, they've got expertise in the one area. So like for me, my expertise was in sales. I was really good at selling. Um, so I could sell whatever I needed to, to sell, to generate business initially. But of course, sales is only one area of the, the value. It's, it's only one value driver. Yeah. If you are, um, doing solar and, and you're great at installing solar panels or air source heat pumps or boilers or whatever it is, and you're a great gas engineer electrician, what, whatever, um, that is only one value driver within the business. And to become a successful business owner and build a successful business, it's not just the initial value driver that's important. It's the entire value chain. It's the entire process, uh, that we need to, to, to get good at the sales, the operations, the marketing, et cetera. And, uh, again, by mapping this out visually, you'll be able to see first of all what it looks like and then you'll be able to assign people as we go through this process to each of the value drivers. So they have the specific roles within the business and then they're accountable. You are, um, able to manage it much better. And again, it creates that simplicity. So excited to build these with you. This module is probably the most important module. Uh, again, I appreciate we kind of diving in the deep end, but this is so important. We wanna get you off on the right track, uh, throughout this process. And if the value machine, um, machines, the growth machine and the fulfillment machine, so what the, the foundation needs to build this, then, uh, we need to, to put in the work to do this. So, um, again, just stick with the process, get through it, um, follow the video instructions that we are gonna be going through. And by the end of it you'll have these mapped in a visual way and then our team can actually turn them into something a lot more visually pleasing. Um, so you can, uh, install them into your command HQ once we done. So thanks for watching this video. And now let's move on to the next video where we'll be showing you how to build your growth engine.